Fixes DOCS-837 (#1056)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/list-of-metrics.adoc

|status
|Information regarding the job's status. Potential values:

* 0 - submitted
* 1 - initialization phase
* 2 - running
* 3 - suspended
* 4 - exporting snapshot
* 5 - completing phase
* 6 - failed
* 7 - completed successfully

|userCancelled
|Details on whether the user canceled the job. Potential values:

* 1 - canceled by the user

> * 0 - otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 0 - not canceled by user
```

Reviewer 2: 0 may mean: running, finished successfully, failed due to error

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1056/commits/6fb9b1f9abe4a03c8864f830398a4ac7b2b46151

Exposed via xref:maintain-cluster:monitoring.adoc#via-job-api[Job API] only.

> Note that this metric can be retrieved only if you enable the `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion` setting for your jobs. See xref:pipelines:configuring-jobs.adoc#storing-metrics[Storing Job Metrics] to learn how to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve this metric, you must enable `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion` for your jobs. For further information on enabling this behavior, see xref:pipelines:configuring-jobs.adoc#storing-metrics[Storing Job Metrics].
```

Author: Not applicable anymore @rebekah-lawrence ; I got the internals wrong.

> Note that this metric can be retrieved only if you enable the `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion` setting for your jobs. See xref:pipelines:configuring-jobs.adoc#storing-metrics[Storing Job Metrics] to learn how to enable it.

Reviewer 2: > that this metric can be retrieved only if you enable the `storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion` setting

no, this metrics is available only via `Job.getMetrics()` and the setting is not necessary. But for running jobs userCancelled is always 0.

Author: @k-jamroz , I will edit the description for "userCanceled" as you suggested in a previous comment in this PR.

But, here, this was an added content according to the "only for jobs with JobConfig.setStoreMetricsAfterJobCompletion(true)" in https://hazelcast.slack.com/archives/C035HQET5/p1710171595222679. Did I get that wrong?

Reviewer 2: The truth table is as follows - this applies to normal jobs. Metrics for light jobs are partially visible in JMX/Prometheus but that seems to be more by accident than by design. `Job.getMetrics()` is not allowed for light jobs.

| job state | metric | JMX/Prometheus | Job.getMetrics() |
| - | - | - | - |
| running/suspended | userCancelled | not present | present and = 0 |
| running/suspended | other job metrics | present | present |
| finished | userCancelled | not present | present only if storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion |
| finished | other job metrics | not present | present only if storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion |
| failed/cancelled | status and userCancelled | not present | present only if storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion |
| failed/cancelled | other job metrics | not present | not present |

Reviewer 2: we do not return `userCancelled` in JMX because if the job is visible in JMX => it is running => it is not cancelled => metric would be constantly 0.

Reviewer 2: for failed/cancelled jobs we do not keep the runtime metrics regardless of storeMetricsAfterJobCompletion because they could be incomplete/corrupted. But for such jobs status and userCancelled can be reliably returned, so they are the only metrics for such jobs.
